v. 10.0.0+
Refracta Snapshot creates a bootable live-CD image which is a copy of
your running system. Any changes you make to the running system,
including desktop preferences, configuration changes, or added software
will be copied to the snapshot and will be present when you run that
snapshot as a live system.

See the config file /etc/refractasnapshot.conf for setting options.
The config file is the most up-to-date and detailed documentation!

See the excludes file, /usr/lib/refractasnapshot/snapshot_exclude.list tp
examine which files and directories will not be copied to the snapshot.
Edit the file as needed, either by adding items or commenting
out listed items that you do want copied.

To run the script when it's in PATH:

    refractasnapshot

or use the full path.


COMMAND LINE OPTIONS

 -h, --help                 Show help
 -v, --version              Display the version information
 -c, --config <filename>    Specify a different config file
 -d, --debug                Run with 'set -x'


MENU

 1. Create a snapshot
    This runs the full process to create a snapshot, consisting of:
    - rsync copy to create the live filesystem
    - copy isolinux boot files
    - create efi boot files
    - squash the live filesystem
    - put it all into a bootable iso file

 2. Re-squash and make iso (no-copy)
    After making manual changes to the live filesystem.

 3. Re-make efi files and iso (no-copy, no-squash)
    Maybe for hacking on the mkefi function in the script.

 4. Re-run xorriso only (make iso, no-copy, no-squash)
    For manual changes to any files in the root of the live media,
    such as boot menus or boot help files.

The no-copy options will prevent rsync from updating the saved copy of the
filesystem. Any system changes or updates that occurred after the copy
was made will not be included in the final image.

The no-copy options are for special purposes (for example, you made changes
to the saved copy of the filesystem after a previous snapshot, and you
don't want those changes overwritten by the running system.)
However, you must have save_work=yes and have a previously saved copy of
the filesystem for no-copy to work.


CREATING A SNAPSHOT TO BE USED WITH ENCRYPTED PERSISTENCE

If you want to create an iso that will be used to make a live-usb with
an encrypted volume for persistence, the initrd needs to be rebuild:
- Uncomment the line in /etc/refractasnapshot.conf that contains:
    initrd_crypt="yes"
  The script will then run 'CRYPTSETUP=y update-initramfs -u' for you
  to rebuild the initrd for the running kernel.


NETWORK CONFIGURATIONS

If you want custom network configurations to be copied into the snapshot,
uncomment the line in the config file that has:
    netconfig_opt="ip=frommedia"

This will preserve your /etc/network/interfaces and any saved wireless
configurations. This works for NetworkManager, simple-netaid/netman
and wicd. It will also add "ip=frommedia" to the boot command, so that
the saved configuration will be used in the live system.

If you leave the line commented, the default behavior is to
replace the interfaces file with one that only has the loopback interface
configured and to delete any saved wireless configurations.
(This only affects the filesystem copy in $work_dir/myfs.)

NOTE!!! If you're using some other network manager, and you don't want
your configs to be copied, you need to add the appropriate files to
the excludes list. (Tell me what those files are, and I'll fix
refractasnapshot to handle it.)

